Document the security policy for the repositories (#8)
wiremock/.github: SECURITY.md

# Reporting security issues

We're extremely grateful to security researchers and users
who report vulnerabilities to WireMock and its ecosystem.
All reports are thoroughly investigated by maintainers of respective repositories.

## When to report issues?

- You think you discovered a potential security vulnerability in WireMock or its components
- You are unsure how a publicly announced vulnerability in an upstream project affects WireMock,
  and you suspect users might be impacted.
- You think you discovered a new vulnerability in another project that WireMock depends on.
  If so, make sure to report the issue to that project too by following their guidelines

Note that security hardening enhancements are not considered vulnerabilities,
and the common Request for Enhancement issue report should be used.

## How to report an issue?

> Most of WireMock repositories use the _Security Advisory Advisory_ portal

Reviewer: The word Advisory appears twice here, is this correct?

Author: ```suggestion
Most of WireMock repositories use the _GitHub Security Advisory_ engine
```
